HAUSV Professional handout source

Build on macOS with Python 3 and the packages in requirements.txt:
  python3 build_handout.py --lang de
  python3 build_handout.py --lang en
  python3 build_handout.py --lang es
  python3 verify_handouts.py

Local outputs (ignored by Git): ../HAUSV-Professional_Handout-de.pdf, -en.pdf
and -es.pdf. The published editions live in
../../internal/web/assets/downloads/. Compare and review a new edition before
replacing those public files; changing source alone does not publish a PDF.
Each language has one A4 page. The default language is de.
Use --output PATH to write the PDF to a separate preview path. Every build,
including --output, still rewrites layout-measurements-<lang>.json. Do not commit
preview measurements; review or restore them before staging a source change.
To verify the published editions without rebuilding (from this directory):
  python3 verify_handouts.py --pdf-dir ../../internal/web/assets/downloads
Boundary, footer-centering and headline checks read stored measurements from
the last local build; they do not measure the PDF selected by --pdf-dir.

All customer-facing copy is in locales.json. Spanish is neutral Latin American
Spanish, suitable for Colombia. Qualifiers for planning/simulation, project
expansion, test runs and separate approval must stay intact in every language.
The build uses the installed Arial and Georgia fonts from macOS; fonts are
embedded in the exported PDF, not redistributed as separate font files.

Edit build-config.json for the approved Git source basis and short link.
The Git-Basis label identifies the product source commit, not the commit that
contains the PDF itself. The agm.ng URL must continue pointing at that exact
commit; do not retarget an older source-basis link for a new edition.

The source image assets/hausv-portfolio.png is the approved five-house ivory
derivative; its prompt is in assets/hero-image-prompt.txt. For the revised layout,
built-in ImageGen separated the three-building foreground and the two small rear
properties into assets/hausv-portfolio-base.png, hausv-rear-old.png and
hausv-rear-modern.png. Exact component prompts are in hero-components-prompts.txt
inside assets/. These are opaque ivory-backed images, not alpha cutouts.

The rear properties are separate PDF layout elements. build-config.json records
their page-space boxes in points (origin top-left), canvas clipping and requested
offsets: old +3 cm right / 0.5 cm up; modern 2 cm left / 1.5 cm up and 110% size.
Image framing margins are accounted for in the placement boxes; AI composition
alone is not used to determine those distances. Export uses full-resolution,
high-quality JPEG encoding with subtle PDF-native edge masks. The source assets
are never modified during builds. The base layer preserves alpha if supplied.

The primary slogan is 34 pt Georgia Bold in dark green; the secondary line is
25.5 pt Georgia in muted gray-green. All three languages use the same hierarchy.

Six small feature icons come from the repository's Lucide set and remain native
vector paths in the PDF. Their license is included in assets/icons/LICENSE.
The footer label is centered on the page; visible contact and mailto both use
sales@augmentoring.com.

The HAUSV mark uses shared central walls, with both outer roofs ending on
those walls. The footer uses the supplied official Augmentoring V6 wordmark
in a neutral gray derivative. Pre-rendered bitmap derivatives are included.

Before delivery, render the final PDF and inspect the entire page; verify
one A4 page, text boundaries, embedded fonts, clickable annotations and an
independent QR decode to https://hausv.agm.ng. verify_handouts.py checks all three
PDFs directly for complete localized copy, language metadata, page size,
embedded visible fonts, hyperlinks and image count. Boundary, footer-centering
and headline checks read the last build's layout-measurements JSON, not the PDF.
The icon check only counts the six SVG source files; it does not verify vector
icons in the PDF. Visual inspection and independent QR decoding remain required.
Device control remains labeled
as project expansion; peak shaving is planning/simulation, not a guarantee.
